README.md, before:

Azure OpenAI with APIM 🕵️
==================================
⚠️ Disclaimer: This is a personal sample repository. Please use at your own risk.

This Terraform repository provisions an environment to run and manage an OpenAI instance on Azure. The environment includes an Azure API Management (APIM) service, Cognitive Services, an Event Hub, and a Data Explorer. The APIM service is used to expose a unified API for OpenAI instances, while the Event Hub and Data Explorer are used for logging and analyzing usage data.

Repository Structure
--------------------

The repository is structured as follows:

-   `main.tf`: The main configuration file that includes the `locals`, `module "apim_vnet_cognitive_services"`, and `module "eventhub_dataexplorer"` blocks.
-   `modules/`: Contains the Terraform modules used in the project.
    -   `apim_vnet_cognitive_services/`: Module for creating API Management, Virtual Network, and Cognitive Services resources.
    -   `eventhub_dataexplorer/`: Module for creating Event Hub and Data Explorer resources.


Deployment Procedure
--------------------

1.  Install [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html).
2.  Clone this repository and navigate to the repository folder.
3.  Initialize Terraform: `terraform init`.
4.  Apply the Terraform configuration: `terraform apply`.
5.  Setup [Event Hub Data Connection](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/create-event-hubs-connection?tabs=portal%2Cportal-2)


Usage
--------------------
The following is an example how the OpenAI Service can be consumed through the APIM. The api_base parameter is used to specify additional parameters (e.g. workload identifier and target Azure OpenAI instance). 

```python
from azure.identity import InteractiveBrowserCredential

interactive_credential = InteractiveBrowserCredential(tenant_id="<your_tenant>") 
token = interactive_credential.get_token("https://cognitiveservices.azure.com/.default email openid profile")

import openai
openai.api_type = "azure"
openai.api_base = "https://<api>.azure-api.net/<azure-openai-instance>/<workload-identifier>"
openai.api_version = "2023-05-15" 
openai.api_key = ""

response = openai.ChatCompletion.create(
    engine="<deployment-id>",
    headers={"Authorization": f"Bearer {token.token}"},
    messages=[
        {"role": "system", "content": "Assistant is a large language model trained by OpenAI."},
        {"role": "user", "content": "Who were the founders of Microsoft?"}
    ]
)

print(response)
print(response['choices'][0]['message']['content'])
```

Demo
--------------------
Users can consume the OpenAI API in the same way like they do when directly talking to cognitive services.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aymenfurter/terraform-apim-openai-example/main/assets/sample-run.png" width="500"/>



All events are channeled into the event hub, from which they can be seamlessly imported into the Data Explorer:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aymenfurter/terraform-apim-openai-example/main/assets/preview.png"/>

Commit message:

feat: link official Azure sample

README.md, after:

Azure OpenAI with APIM 🕵️
==================================
⚠️ Disclaimer: This is a personal sample repository. Please use at your own risk. If you are looking for setting up your own environment I recommend to look into the [Official Sample](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/openai-python-enterprise-logging/tree/main/deploy).

This Terraform repository provisions an environment to run and manage an OpenAI instance on Azure. The environment includes an Azure API Management (APIM) service, Cognitive Services, an Event Hub, and a Data Explorer. The APIM service is used to expose a unified API for OpenAI instances, while the Event Hub and Data Explorer are used for logging and analyzing usage data.

Repository Structure
--------------------

The repository is structured as follows:

-   `main.tf`: The main configuration file that includes the `locals`, `module "apim_vnet_cognitive_services"`, and `module "eventhub_dataexplorer"` blocks.
-   `modules/`: Contains the Terraform modules used in the project.
    -   `apim_vnet_cognitive_services/`: Module for creating API Management, Virtual Network, and Cognitive Services resources.
    -   `eventhub_dataexplorer/`: Module for creating Event Hub and Data Explorer resources.


Deployment Procedure
--------------------

1.  Install [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html).
2.  Clone this repository and navigate to the repository folder.
3.  Initialize Terraform: `terraform init`.
4.  Apply the Terraform configuration: `terraform apply`.
5.  Setup [Event Hub Data Connection](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/create-event-hubs-connection?tabs=portal%2Cportal-2)


Usage
--------------------
The following is an example how the OpenAI Service can be consumed through the APIM. The api_base parameter is used to specify additional parameters (e.g. workload identifier and target Azure OpenAI instance). 

```python
from azure.identity import InteractiveBrowserCredential

interactive_credential = InteractiveBrowserCredential(tenant_id="<your_tenant>") 
token = interactive_credential.get_token("https://cognitiveservices.azure.com/.default email openid profile")

import openai
openai.api_type = "azure"
openai.api_base = "https://<api>.azure-api.net/<azure-openai-instance>/<workload-identifier>"
openai.api_version = "2023-05-15" 
openai.api_key = ""

response = openai.ChatCompletion.create(
    engine="<deployment-id>",
    headers={"Authorization": f"Bearer {token.token}"},
    messages=[
        {"role": "system", "content": "Assistant is a large language model trained by OpenAI."},
        {"role": "user", "content": "Who were the founders of Microsoft?"}
    ]
)

print(response)
print(response['choices'][0]['message']['content'])
```

Demo
--------------------
Users can consume the OpenAI API in the same way like they do when directly talking to cognitive services.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aymenfurter/terraform-apim-openai-example/main/assets/sample-run.png" width="500"/>



All events are channeled into the event hub, from which they can be seamlessly imported into the Data Explorer:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aymenfurter/terraform-apim-openai-example/main/assets/preview.png"/>
